Things different between our project and previous

1. 
Our Project does not have this:

IV. Messaging functions
  [X] send a question to the customer service (customer reps will reply it)
  [X] Rep replies to customer questions (I misread the checklist and did this too because I thought it was my part)
  [X] browse questions and answers
  [X] search questions and answers
  [X] get an alert message in case a route is delayed.

2.
Our project does not have this:
V. Admin functions (revenue reporting)
 [X] destination city

3.
Our project does not have this:
V. Admin functions (reservations)
[X] by transit line and train number



Our Check List
I. Account Functionality (10 points)
 Register customers
 Login (for all customers, admin, customer reps)
 Logout (for all customers, admin, customer reps)
II. Browsing and Search Functionality (15 points)
 Search for train schedules by origin, destination, date of travel (5 points)
 Browse the resulting schedules (5 points)
 See all the stops a train will make, fare, etc.
 Sort by different criteria (by arrival time, departure time, fare) (5 points)
III. Reservations (15 points)
 A customer should be able to make a reservation for a specific route (round-trip/one-way) (5 points)
 Get a discount in case of child/senior/disabled (2 points)
 Cancel existing reservation (3 points)
 View current and past reservations with their details (separately) (5 points)
IV. Admin Functions (30 points)
 Admin (create an admin account ahead of time)
 Add, edit, and delete information for a customer representative (9 points)
 Obtain sales reports per month (3 points)
 Produce a list of reservations: (5 points)
By transit line
By customer name
 Produce a listing of revenue per: (5 points)
Transit line
Customer name
 Best customer (4 points)
 Best 5 most active transit lines (4 points)
VI. Customer Representative (30 points)
 Edit and delete information for train schedules (6 points)
 Customers browse questions and answers (4 points)
 Customers search questions by keywords (4 points)
 Customers send a question to the customer service (3 points)
 Reps reply to customer questions (3 points)
 Produce a list of train schedules for a given station (as origin/destination) (5 points)
 Produce a list of all customers who have reservations on a given transit line and date (5 points)

penis